here we are at the searider mascot Gold
Cup 2015
sponsored by foresters and this footage
is sponsored by Debian Andros sausages
here we have mr. and mrs. peanuts the
penguin from arendelle shopping center
followed by sketch and missive from
Frankie and Benny's then we've got one
of the pride of whether it be lions
they're number 28 Freddy cougar from
Keith the Cougars air bear from the air
nail shopping centre followed along by
ballerina Ambani also representing their
deal shopping center there's a leader of
the gang is filled with the squirrel
where we've got goofy and TJ tiger the
final members of the air they'll
shopping centre squad and here we've got
the rest of the pride of lions from
Weatherby Alliance do a great job the
Weatherby lions and that's certainly
turning out in force here today to
promote their dog race later on in the
summer there we've got farmers blonde
the big beer bottle and then we've got
Morrison's contingent then of the hungry
monster lobster telling the bear the mr.
Pibb and following mr. pink is cheeky
the hamster from an old hospital then
we've got PC man from West Yorkshire
police
next up we have Sid from mega bullsh
you'll see space on the side of the
pulses as you're going up and down onto
it and then we've got from the white
ribbon campaign we've got David GZ and
Danny the dog they're all from over at
Hampton Beach there we've got be active
and then we've got the Slug and Lettuce
slugs and there's the greasy beaver from
the sewer Ryder pitting the shot there
we've got penny penguin from we speck
Town Football Club make the skid for buy
another construction related mascots
that plus chameleon from the chameleon
School of construction near Sheffield
another of builder here we've got Kieran
brown here and he's brought his own arse
a lot to the races today and then we've
got spud representing the old-time
Fisheries from Keith Lee and then we've
got courage the cat of cash for kids and
then we've got a selection of mascots
represent the in West Yorkshire plays
here we've gotten all the padlock number
67 number 65 is Sherlock I'm just
passing them he's still all the Minoans
possibly squirrel and we've got our two
crowd favorites from local stock L paths
that's pom pom the polar bear in front
or by Stanley - Stan and after those two
laps Sammy the same from some Albans FC
and the little ship there from little
chef restaurant he was being followed by
Harry stir hound from the herons
partnership there he is doing it well of
a camera number 43
next up is the key thing news the news
hound representing the keep the news
before there and there's Chad power
he's from such as Greenfield cricket
clubs or by to write it there as its
mrs. P comes from Morrison's star and
pals but then we've got or DME on the 69
all the way from Bridlington today as is
the next one off who eats it the pink
also supported still right there and
then we've got hero from Leeds guide
dogs followed by the we feels hospice
that are representing one of your rises
hospices and wheat fields there next up
we've got Hartley hat the brand new
mascot of our research UK and what we
got another debutante mascot here that's
Ellie from the SRS be gone up the dog
representing bullies dropped another day
he is really winning from mascots you
gala potato and there's Lawrence the
Frog and he is Polly the owl from three
thoughts town followed by Rory the wrong
from Romulus you peer down to the black
country and there's Taylor South African
layer representing South African route
next up we've got Gerald the horse just
being there checked out by a handicapper
today your widget areas in the
volunteers put much of this race
together then we've got spend a penny
the toilet a representing water it
captain keeper and first episodes green
water the dark represented bosons
there we've got here oh the handsome
hurdling horse representing Kia handle
McMillan today next up we've got the
festival Freddie representing car racing
in got you should not attract well today
followed by Sherlock from West Yorkshire
police then we've got two fair trade
bananas they're in the air deal shopping
centre stable and they're followed by
rapid going and that's bidding the
vulture representing Schofield sweetly
at number four tip is to click the
castle representing the Keithley town
centre Association the leads going also
representing local swimming as the
meerkat and then we've got the white
growth of the auction representing
foresters and then here's a new mascot
for Aziz I have a good site representing
clear today and then there's mascot
number one solid a sunflower
representing Sue Ryder Sonny's the other
mascot that's never missed a year and
then we've got Melanie meeting please
and following the loss to his fungal
bear from Bangor then we've got three
mascots representing the sport stroke
research into cute
Sammy sponge Danny does Bobby bleach and
patty paella followed by madam sure they
are one of the Wombles representing
coolers cleaning services and there is
the other breed chops from Bulgaria and
Orinoco next up its push to ban over 90
or is that Modi one of those two
anywhere there number 91 Australia come
from regular homes and in front of those
two is the word Polly event
fair he's a big lad
looking for a big weasel in the race
today we've got mr. Smith all the way
from Northern Ireland these cuddles the
kingship bear making debut yeah whether
it be today
and then that we've got to jungle the
elephant and pink pumped under the well
check out the Fox dollar the donkey an
amorous the Morrisons character they're
all from Morrison's Moses turned out in
force today our mascot Gokul and we've
got Wednesday that we pick from the
auction game fair
next up there we've got the PC yes old
lady we've got the first of our stable
from a hospital that's lego man behind
mr. and mrs. peanuts the penguin we've
got our sausages they're also
represented be pets and then from the
hospital to the endless sea but they're
wearing the god brought cameras that saw
that we could use sausage camp later on
in the proceedings when it comes to the
basketball club to being second but this
trouble
mascot ever to come to us in our history
and that's the kitchen bear clan
that's he flicked the Hector and Heath
Lee if you want to cook anything here we
go
he's bleep let's go Paul all the way
from Germany to take back to the dog
park
people coming on it we certainly never
did but you're very welcome
right Andrew would I'm a food desert Sue
Ryder monologues crosspiece and yeah
about ten years ago when we were young
farmers started the mascot gorkel and we
just for a laugh in the first year and
we hate on something here so we came to
show Ryder and he's grown a grown over
the years he's raised over a hundred
thirty thousand pounds support other
charities as well similar amount for
other charities too
so from a duct idea it's really kind of
come on very well and obviously mascots
are supporting their own charities but
over half of support in Syria today and
so that one he'll be going on the
incredible care that we provide mainly
in this area obviously you're sure
Madeline's hospice near Keithley weight
velocities near Leeds and a neurological
care which would provide well we had a
hundred and forty sign up we knew they
were going to be six non-runners and a
few moments ago we were worried that we
weren't going to get to the world record
because we have got a hundred signed off
now morbid there's some more of joining
since then if we get a hundred of the
right court in it they and the Guinness
World Records are very strict on this
then we the first thing we're gonna do
when we leave the parade ring he's go
for the world record which he's a
kilometer or some may run some a walk
well that's going to happen
thanks to each year we have a
competition called the UK mascot of the
year and last year this was won by more
mascots please and that's run by a young
lady who's here with us in the parade
drink course Carrie Davis and she's here
to pass on the button today to the
mascot that were the judges have bought
it just turned around very well yeah
there we go that the judges have got is
the UK's best mascot for this year and
that is very hospitable make this
presentation please
Lizzy could you make this presentation
first please so this is two furry bear
from the UK mascot of the year and furry
bear works for the affair and if those
words have been work helping to promote
women's football he's out all the time
ladies football is football this year
with the lioness she's going for glory
in Canada you have a very very busy year
second prize we've got tippy-tap from
watering so if we could just turn around
Carrie Davis is here she's going to
present the prize to you
yes so presented by Fred and powerful
anywhere the sponsors of the best turned
out mascot on the theme for typically in
first place is Kieran so come down here
GZ cost a little bit water that comes to
gates price so let's get a shot of this
here book if you just step to the side
again so easy to say that you met to me
it comes big this is the chameleon
so this is second best mascot belated
push to the bear being presented by our
representative from foresters Carol
I stood by your team there Alex both
chameleons some worked backing
what a figure we've got here for the
2015 10th anniversary mascot Gold Cup
we've never had so many mascots here at
weather business before and with a lot
of look
hopefully we'll break the Guinness world
record for the most mascot Nereus
so won't be too much longer before the
mascots are sent on their way it's a
handicap starting system in terms of
release but the best ones are at the
back best ones being in terms of the
ones with the least flamboyant costumes
they say I got the addition of a water
jump at the end here an open ditch as
well the sausages start first their
regulars here they try very hard but it
takes them a while to finish also got
lego man and cliff the castle towards
the front and also one of the dogs as
well davey dog forty-sevens position
quite close to the front as well
43 ran well in the mile race that he's
Harris the hound he's quite handily
placed so Clare will drop the flag and
send them on their way when everyone is
happy and they're often racing at least
Lego manis he's the one that gets the
start
come on Lego man and he's not doing
badly actually Lego man the sausages are
underway cliff the castle as well I
think from Lego man he's got to see
whether he can jump and now the main
body of the field oh my word it's like
the cavalry charge Harris the Hound is
up there Davi dogs not far away and see
if anyone's coming from the back 21 is
finishing off a pretty strongly that's
olga bear but still the lego man has the
lead also coming there strongly towards
the far side is olga bear harris there
how lego man slowing down olga bear
moves through the lead harris the hound
87 is also finishing off pretty strongly
as well that's a jungle the elephant all
got bare harris the hound towards the
inside also running on strongly is one
one seven i think that is towards the
inside and that is you know the hunt
don't worry score buddy he's very proud
as a paul is at the last and also
finishing very
only one of the dogs has come through
olga bear was second one of the docs has
come through to lead Barry bear and on
strongly in the closing stages may have
grabbed a place and also right behind
these was one of the elephants but their
arms going up 449 so one of the dogs
came right through from the back it's
Daisy dog Daisy dog it is who's got up
and won Olga bear 21 is certainly in the
frame and we'll get confirmation of the
other place two mascots as well still
they cross the line
we had over 140 120 than we believe have
completed the one kilometer that was
required for the world-record attempt
were just to confirm 49 the winner there
and that is officially Daisy dog so
Daisy's dog the winner and we put
everything into that race it means such
a lot to these mascots he's made himself
sick as a dog and here we have the
presentation for the 2015 to Ryder
mascot goal co-sponsored by foresters
the first professional mascot for now
that's for that week in week out
represents the club and does this kind
of thing overall but that's lead
Raynaud's Ronnie Ronnie that's going to
be presented by Lizzie Proctor of
searider Van Allen's Hospice
there we go certificate and to a big
world of Ronnie just look at a camera
for one second the next one that we've
got it's going to be the next is going
to be for the last home without stopping
to other beverage here at the mascot
golf thought that this sausage moist is
our main sponsor here and the mascot
gold coke
this year as well
a big round of applause and we just have
left
we've got these high strangeness ooh
rider which is Lamia be picky laughs a
shot and then waster is two thousand
seven hundred fifty pounds and we've got
a coffee
mascots could just make the way to the
edge of the ring or buy the gear we're
just going to do the draw for the
winning tickets for people who bet on
them at the tour sponsored predict the
winner so we run agreed any once again
here at Weatherby races for the 2015
mascot Gold Cup amazing amount of money
has been raised 18,000 pound plus for
Sue Ryder and a further three and a half
thousand for other worthy causes
we've all had a good time in the
sunshine and all these mascots we hope
will join us next year in spring for the
2016 mass cocoa
you